feat(Plugin): RolesInProfile (#2836)
Vendicated/Vencord: src/plugins/rolesInProfile/README.md

# RolesInProfile

> Allows you to view roles in your profile, without having to scroll a list of members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to view your roles in your profile, without having to look at your server profile from another place, like the member list
```
